Clarify groups need to be created before capture() is used (#11075)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/_snippets/capture-group-event-code.mdx

<MultiLanguage>

```js-web
// Call posthog.group() to create a group before capturing events.
// It sends a `$groupidentify` event to create or update the group.
// It will also create the group type if it doesn't exist. In the
// web SDK, it also associates all subsequent events in the session
// with the group.
posthog.group('company', 'company_id_in_your_db');
posthog.capture('user_signed_up'); // This event is associated with the company above

// If the group type is already created, you can simply set the

> // `$groups` property in `capture()` for subsequent sessions.

Reviewer: This sort of implies, you should prefer this in subsequent sessions where the group already exists? Is that correct? Or should you still call `group()`?

Author: > This sort of implies, you should prefer this in subsequent sessions where the group already exists? Is that correct? Or should you still call `group()`?

Hm, I guess I don't actually have a strong opinion. I think including `$groups` in the `capture()` call makes it easier to verify expected behavior, but I'm not sure what real-world patterns are. Is there a different phrasing you'd suggest?

Reviewer: Maybe?
```suggestion
// If the group type is already created, you can also manually add the 
// `$groups` property to any events you want to associate with the group
```

Author: Yeah, that's better. Thanks! 385c43d2b6928be2a43434cdddb4e5d3e3238937
